== Raki
Raki is a extensible wiki written using the Ruby on Rails framework.
It can use different backends to store pages and attachments or multiple
backends for different namespaces. It can also have a namespace-specific syntax.


*Authors*
* Florian Schwab
* Martin Sigloch

*Contributors*
* Aaron Mueller
* Benjamin Schweizer
* Fabian Fingerle
* Martin Kirst


== Dependencies

=== Raki core
  $ gem install rails -v=3.1
  $ gem install mime-types

=== GIT provider
  $ gem install unicode

=== Raki parser
  $ gem install treetop

=== OpenID authenticator
  $ gem install ruby-openid (NOT "openid")


== Installation & Configration (core)
Rename/copy the file <tt>config/database.yml.example</tt> to
<tt>config/database.yml</tt> and edit the credentials for the database if
necessary. Now rename/copy the file <tt>config/raki.yml.example</tt> to
<tt>config/raki.yml</tt> and edit it to fit your needs.  Run <tt>rake
db:migrate</tt> to create all necessary tables. To generate the precompiled
JavaScript and CSS files, use <tt>rake assets:precompile</tt> in the production
mode.

=== Example with GIT as storage, OpenID for authentication and file-based
authorization Create a GIT repository with <tt>git init --bare
/path/to/git-repo</tt>. Now change in <tt>config/raki.yml</tt> the path
parameter to match the GIT repository you just created.  Then change the
<tt>authenticator</tt> to <tt>openid</tt>. The last step is to rename/copy the
file <tt>config/permissions.yml.example</tt> to <tt>config/permissions.yml</tt>
and change the permissions if necessary.


== Run it
  $ touch tmp/restart.txt
  $ script/server

